{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 # Lakeside Apartments \'97 Knowledge Base (Voice-Safe)\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56598  Metadata Header\
- **Property Name (canonical):** Lakeside Apartments\
- **Alternate Names / Aliases:** The Lakeside, Lakeside Apts\
- **Marketing Tagline:** \'93Modern living by the park, minutes from downtown.\'94\
- **City/State:** Silver Spring, MD\
- **Internal Property ID / CRM Code:** LS-2025\
- **Timezone:** Eastern Time (ET)\
- **Document Version:** v4.0\
- **Last Updated:** 2025-08-16\
- **Chunk Guidance:** Target ~500 tokens per section; 100-token overlap for context preservation.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55356 \u57314  Property Card\
- Address: 1450 Lakeview Drive, Silver Spring, MD 20910\
- Neighborhood / Landmarks: Across from Sligo Creek Park, 10 minutes to Downtown Silver Spring\
- Building: 6-story mid-rise, elevator building with 120 units\
- Tours: Guided, self-guided, and virtual options\
- Voice-safe anchor phrasing:  \
  \'93At Lakeside Apartments, you\'92ll find city convenience with park-side charm.\'94\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93What is Lakeside Apartments?\'94  \
- \'93Where is it located?\'94  \
- \'93Is it near downtown Silver Spring?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Is Lakeside the building by Sligo Creek?\'94  \
- \'93How far is it from Washington, D.C.?\'94  \
- \'93What\'92s the exact address?\'94  \
- \'93Is it walkable to downtown?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have elevators?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56542  Contact & Hours\
- Leasing line: (301) 555-7821\
- Email: leasing@lakesideapts.com\
- Office hours (ET): Mon\'96Sat 9 AM\'966 PM, Sun 11 AM\'964 PM\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93What\'92s the leasing office phone number?\'94  \
- \'93When are you open?\'94  \
- \'93Is the office open on Sundays?\'94  \
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93For emergencies or pricing details, I\'92ll have a leasing expert follow up.\'94\
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Can I call after 6 PM?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have an email I can use?\'94  \
- \'93Are you open tomorrow?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u9989  What I Can / Can\'92t Answer\
- I can: share amenities, location, general unit types, and book tours.  \
- I can\'92t: quote pricing, deposits, or lease terms.\
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93A leasing expert will share up-to-date pricing and lease details when you tour.\'94\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Can you tell me the rent?\'94  \
- \'93What can you help with?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do you know the deposit amount?\'94  \
- \'93Can you give me lease details?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56525  Location & Access\
- Neighborhood: Silver Spring, steps from parks and dining.  \
- Driving: Easy access to I-495 Beltway, 20 minutes to downtown D.C.  \
- Transit: 12-minute walk to Silver Spring Metro (Red Line), Metrobus line 70 at the corner, MARC commuter rail nearby.  \
- Parking/entry: Secure garage with key-fob entry, bike racks, visitor parking.  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Is it close to the Metro?\'94  \
- \'93How do I get there?\'94  \
- \'93Is parking on-site?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Can I walk to the train?\'94  \
- \'93Is there a bus stop nearby?\'94  \
- \'93How far from downtown D.C.?\'94  \
- \'93Can guests park their car?\'94  \
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55356 \u57312  Unit Mix & Availability (Voice-Safe)\
| Type | Typical SF | Notes |\
|---|---:|---|\
| Studio | 500\'96550 | Cozy, efficient layout |\
| 1BR | 700\'96780 | Popular, some with balconies |\
| 2BR | 950\'961,050 | Great for roommates or families |\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Do you have 1-bedrooms?\'94  \
- \'93How large are the 2-bedrooms?\'94  \
- \'93Are there any studios?\'94  \
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93A leasing expert can confirm what\'92s currently available.\'94\
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do you have 2-beds open right now?\'94  \
- \'93What\'92s the biggest apartment size?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u57035 \u65039  Amenities\
**In-unit:**  \
- Stainless-steel appliances  \
- In-unit washer/dryer  \
- Hardwood floors  \
- Walk-in closets  \
- Energy-efficient windows  \
- Smart thermostats  \
\
**Community:**  \
- 24-hour fitness center  \
- Yoga and wellness studio  \
- Outdoor pool with sundeck  \
- Rooftop lounge with grilling stations  \
- Coworking lounge with Wi-Fi  \
- Package lockers and Amazon Hub  \
- Monthly resident social events  \
\
**Nearby:**  \
- Sligo Creek Park trail access behind the building  \
- Saturday farmers market within 10 minutes  \
- Dog park two blocks away  \
- Coffee shops and casual dining within 5 minutes  \
- Major grocery stores (Whole Foods, Giant) nearby  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Does it have laundry in-unit?\'94  \
- \'93Is there a gym?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have a pool?\'94  \
- \'93Are there any common areas?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Can I work out at the building?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have a lounge?\'94  \
- \'93Is there a rooftop area?\'94  \
- \'93Are there resident activities?\'94  \
\
**Chunking Guidance**\
- Split into In-Unit / Community / Nearby for retrieval precision.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56382  Pets\
- Cats and dogs allowed up to 50 lbs.  \
- ESA/service animals always welcome.  \
- Breed restrictions: certain large breeds restricted.  \
- Deposits/fees: *Escalate.*\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Are pets allowed?\'94  \
- \'93Can I bring my dog?\'94  \
- \'93Do you allow cats?\'94  \
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93A leasing expert can confirm pet fees or restrictions.\'94\
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Is it dog-friendly?\'94  \
- \'93Do you allow big dogs?\'94  \
- \'93What about service animals?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56983  Parking & Transportation\
- On-site garage parking across 3 levels  \
- Surface parking for residents  \
- Visitor parking validated at leasing office  \
- EV charging stations in garage  \
- Bike racks and Capital Bikeshare station nearby  \
- Metro Red Line: 12-minute walk  \
- Metrobus line 70 stops at the corner  \
- MARC train station 15 minutes away  \
- Driving: 20 minutes to downtown D.C., 35 minutes to Reagan National Airport  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Is parking available?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have EV chargers?\'94  \
- \'93Is there visitor parking?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do I need a permit for parking?\'94  \
- \'93Can my guests park?\'94  \
- \'93Is there covered parking?\'94  \
- \'93Is there bike storage?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56588  Utilities & Services\
| Utility | Who Pays | Notes |\
|---|---|---|\
| Electric | Tenant | Individually metered |\
| Gas | Landlord | Heating included |\
| Water/Sewer | Landlord | Included |\
| Trash | Landlord | Included |\
| Internet | Tenant | Verizon Fios & Comcast |\
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Are utilities included?\'94  \
- \'93Who pays for water?\'94  \
- \'93Is internet available?\'94  \
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93A leasing expert can share details about utility costs.\'94\
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do I pay for electricity?\'94  \
- \'93Is heating included?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56787 \u65039  Tours & Scheduling\
- In-person, self-guided, and virtual tours  \
- Tours typically 30 minutes  \
- Booking: confirm timezone, offer max 3 slots, email confirmation sent  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93How do I book a tour?\'94  \
- \'93Can I do a virtual tour?\'94  \
- \'93How long are tours?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do you do self-guided tours?\'94  \
- \'93Can I see it today?\'94  \
- \'93Can I reschedule my tour?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56541  Application & Qualification (High-Level)\
- Steps: Apply \uc0\u8594  background & credit check \u8594  approval \u8594  deposit \u8594  move-in  \
- Escalation: Credit score, income, deposit \uc0\u8594  leasing expert  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93How do I apply?\'94  \
- \'93What do you check for?\'94  \
- \'93What documents do I need?\'94  \
\
**Escalation Script**\
- \'93A leasing expert will explain the application requirements in detail.\'94\
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Do you require pay stubs?\'94  \
- \'93Is there a background check?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u10067  FAQs\
**Q:** Do apartments have laundry?  \
**A:** Yes, every unit has an in-unit washer/dryer.  \
\
**Q:** Do you allow pets?  \
**A:** Yes, cats and dogs are welcome. A leasing expert can confirm fees and restrictions.  \
\
**Q:** Is there visitor parking?  \
**A:** Yes, validated visitor parking is available at the leasing office.  \
\
**Q:** Can I take a virtual tour?  \
**A:** Absolutely, virtual tours are available by appointment.  \
\
**Q:** How long does it take to get to downtown D.C.?  \
**A:** About 20 minutes by car, or 25 minutes by Metro Red Line.  \
\
**Chunking Guidance**\
- Split FAQs into Living Features / Pets & Parking / Tours & Policies.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55356 \u57305 \u65039  Neighborhood Snapshot\
**Parks & Outdoors:**  \
- Direct access to Sligo Creek Park (trails for jogging, biking, picnics)  \
- Local dog park two blocks away  \
- Community garden plots available nearby  \
\
**Shopping & Dining:**  \
- Whole Foods and Giant grocery stores within 1 mile  \
- Farmers market on Saturdays downtown  \
- Coffee shops, breweries, and casual dining within walking distance  \
- Retail and boutique shops in Downtown Silver Spring  \
\
**Schools:**  \
- Woodlin Elementary, Silver Spring International Middle, Montgomery Blair High  \
- Montgomery College nearby  \
\
**Culture & Entertainment:**  \
- AFI Silver Theatre (classic films)  \
- The Fillmore concert venue  \
- Public library and cultural arts center within 10 minutes  \
\
**Transit & Commuting:**  \
- Metro Red Line: Silver Spring station 12 minutes walk  \
- MARC commuter rail and multiple bus routes  \
- Capital Bikeshare docks close by  \
- 20 minutes to downtown D.C., 35 minutes to Reagan National Airport  \
\
**Safety:**  \
- Well-lit streets with pedestrian-friendly design  \
- Community watch program and local police substation nearby  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93What\'92s nearby?\'94  \
- \'93Is it walkable?\'94  \
- \'93Are there schools around?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Can I walk to the park?\'94  \
- \'93Is there a grocery store close?\'94  \
- \'93Is the area safe?\'94  \
- \'93Are there entertainment options nearby?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u9855  Accessibility & Safety\
- Controlled access entry  \
- Two elevators per building  \
- ADA-compliant units available  \
- Step-free entries and wide hallways  \
- Service animals always welcome  \
- 24/7 security patrols and well-lit parking areas  \
\
**Canonical Questions**\
- \'93Is it wheelchair accessible?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have elevators?\'94  \
- \'93Is the building secure?\'94  \
\
**Test Probes**\
- \'93Can I get a ground-floor apartment?\'94  \
- \'93Is there step-free access?\'94  \
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56522  Lead Data Anchor\
**Scripted Prompts**  \
- \'93Can I get your full name?\'94  \
- \'93What\'92s the best phone number to reach you?\'94  \
- \'93And your email for confirmation?\'94  \
- \'93When are you hoping to move in?\'94  \
- \'93What type of apartment are you looking for?\'94  \
- \'93Do you have any pets?\'94\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u57057 \u65039  Agent-Only Notes (Hidden Section)\
- Pricing: Studios $1,450\'96$1,600; 1BR $1,750\'96$1,950; 2BR $2,200\'96$2,400  \
- Lease terms: Standard 12-month; 6-month with premium  \
- Deposits: $500 standard; $300 pet fee  \
- Parking: $75/month surface; $125/month garage  \
- Gate codes: [internal use only]  \
- Emergency contacts: On-call maintenance (301) 555-9999  \
\
*Not for voice use \'97 must be excluded from RAG retrieval.*\
\
---}